/*
Name: Irish Banga
Email: ibanga1@myseneca.ca
Student ID: 112435227
Completion Date: 2023-07-28

I have done all the coding by myself and only copied the code that my professor provided to complete my workshops and assignments.
*/

REFLECTION - Workshop

Implementing this workshop, I faced some difficulties with understanding the limitations and the necessary operations in the functions.
I made quite a few logical errors during the process and those were corrected one at a time with appropriate debugging procedure.

This was also the first time we used protected members in Base classes. Although it is similar to using other functions, I am doubtful
about how I have used the overloaded index operator[] in the derived class HtmlText::write() function.

Initially, I didn't include the read function in the Text constructor due to which there was no output at all. Moving on, the way I coded 
Text::read() function, it didn't read special characters after which I imitated the displayFile() logic from the tester program provided. 
Apart from that, I had some logical errors in the way I implemented copy assignment operator and the index operator in HtmlText::write().


REFLECTION - PROJECT MS4

Building upon the previous milestone, we implemented the Book class in this part of the project. The implementation was very similar to
the parent class(i.e., Publication) but with minor changes to some functions and I faced the same problems as the last milestone(i.e., 
reading records). Besides that, I had to modify the way write functions were implemented in both these classes.

Previously, I implemented those using the cout.width() method, but it didn't truncate the content to be printed. I did try to use <iomanip>
to achieve the required results, but, at last, I used string manipulation to do so as I couldn't find an appropriate method within standard libraries. 

As I mentioned before, the final implementation of mine read an incorrect number of records from the file. This time, however, the issue was
reading and ignoring a newline character from the input stream. As the tester program also cleared newline characters from the stream, this 
caused the program to skip over alternate records. This was corrected by using the get() method instead of getline().

With the knowledge gained from the lectures this week, I believe my implementation of the bool operator in the Publication and Book class may 
be faulty besides the resetDate() function(mentioned in previous reflection).
