/*
Name: Irish Banga
Email: ibanga1@myseneca.ca
Student ID: 112435227
Completion Date: 2023-07-22

I have done all the coding by myself and only copied the code that my professor provided to complete my workshops and assignments.
*/

REFLECTION - Workshop

Although the workshop was simple in implementation, I had a few difficulties following the instructions. The use of newer terminology
(virtual, purely virtual functions, abstract classes, interface) combined with the inheritance procedure being applied did confuse me
as I started working on this workshop.
The class diagram provided with the instructions was of great help.

One of the most challenging parts for me was implementing the getSpecs() functions. I faced difficulties with using the ignore() function 
which was resolved by referring to class notes and code examples.
I also included a custom function named line() in the Rectangle class to ease the implementation of the draw() function. 

Initially, I included my workshop implementation had my own custom cstring.cpp file due to which the submitter gave me errors. 
Resolving that, I had multiple warnings related to the order of initialization, incorrect type comparison as well as memory leaks. 
These were promptly resolved by debugging the code locally.

REFLECTION - PROJECT MS3

This milestone introduced the inheritance procedure into the project. Similar to the previous workshops, I didn't face any major issues 
implementing the MS3 requirements except for the read() function in the Publication class.

This function required to set the istream object to a failed state, which I wasn't aware of at all. By gathering information online 
and looking through the main tester's code I became acquainted with the correct method of doing so.

However, in the first successful run, the program still only read half of the records from the original file and didn't read the 
membership attribute at all. This was due to incorrect usage of ignore() function. Upon correcting that, my program passed the 
submitter test but I had an error related to invalid delete. This was caused by my not setting an attribute's address to 'nullptr' 
after deleting it in the copy constructor.

Apart from that, I am in doubt about my implementation of the resetDate() function as this wasn't tested in any way.
